Marketing & Business Development Manager
Leading Israeli Bank
Full time | On site
3 - 8 Years of Experience
Rishon LeTsiyyon
Company description
We at the Tech Banking division accompany tech companies on their journey from early-stage to hyper-growth, providing banking services and credit to support growth.

Description and requirements
We are seeking a Marketing & Business Development Manager to lead the Tech marketing, Bizdev and Value creation.
The ideal candidate has strong relationship in the Israeli tech ecosystem and proven brand building expertise, preferred from a VC.
You will manage all marketing efforts including planning, research, social networks, and communications in line with the Bank objectives.

 

Key Responsibilities:

Develop and execute brand and marketing strategy for the Tech Banking divison.
Execute all aspects of marketing and bizdev including: social media, content creation, public relations, events and brand management.
Building and managing strategic relationships with key players in the ecosystem to assist in the expansion and growth of the division.
Providing support to the head of Tech Banking division in the business development efforts and reaching the team's growth and business goals.
Monitoring and managing the division's market data, investor insights and competitive intelligence, serving as a focal point for the Divisions team.
Responsibility for internal marketing of the division's activities within the bank
Collaborations with the various bank group units with interfaces to the Hi-tech ecosystem.
Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Business or a related field; advanced degree is a plus.
3+ years of wide marketing experience in the Israeli tech eco-system.
Experience in venture capital, start-ups, or related industries is a plus
Excellent communication and storytelling skills with the ability to craft compelling narratives and messaging
Demonstrated hands on experience in developing and executing comprehensive marketing strategies across multiple channels and platforms
Experience in building strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders
High-level of English proficiency, including the ability to deliver presentations and lectures in the English.